A case that's pretty much it for this demo section.
You may have noticed we've only been looking at our products table so I'm back in my coffee store database
and I select to stuff from products so we have some data but we don't actually have any data in our
customer or Orders table.
So instead of you watching me enter data into these two tables if you go to the resources section of
this video you'll find two files one name customer table and one names Orders table.
So I want you to open them and I want you to copy and paste the data in there.
So first open the customer's table file and you'll find an insert into customers query.
And this is going to enter in about 24 customers into our customer table.
So it would have been a bit boring for you to enter into this data yourself.
So you can just copy and paste it into workbench and then you can run that query
and once you've run this query insert into customers you can select start from customers and you'll
see that we now have 24 customers in our customer table.
You'll notice that some have based no data and we'll be looking at that in the next section.
So don't worry about that for now.
So once you've run the query for the customers table you can open the orders table file and you can
copy this
into workbenches will copy and paste and just run that statement.
Once you've done that you can select stuff from orders.
We now have a lot of orders in order table I think is about 80 or 90 orders.
So once you've run those to insert into queries you now have data in all three tables and we're ready
to move on to the next section where we'll be querying our three tables and retrieving data from all
three tables.
So that's it for now.
See you in the next section.